                                                                        Britain Southwick
                                                                        CMSI 387
                                Command Crib Sheet
                                        
1. cat
    Displays the contents of the given file
    Ex. cat README.txt
    Displays the entirety of README.txt
2. cmp
    Checks character by character to see if two files differ.
    Ex. cmp tester.class tester.java
    Checks to see if tester.class and tester.java are different. In this case, it outputs:
        tester.class tester.java differ: char 1 line 1.
3.fmt
    Writes to standard output the formatted contents of the specified file.
    Ex. fmt -w 10 test.txt
    Writes to standard output the contents of test.txt, up to 10 characters per line.
4. head
    Prints the first portion of a file (by default 10 lines).
    Ex. head -n 2 test.txt
    Prints the first 2 lines of test.txt
5. iconv
    Converts the character encoding of a file to a specified encoding and writes to 
    standard output.
    Ex. iconv -f UTF-8 -t UTF-32 test.txt
    Converts test.txt from UTF-8 to UTF-32 and writes the result to standard output.
6. touch
    Changes the last modified time for the given file
    Ex. touch -t 203212230622 test.txt
    Sets the access time for test.txt to December 23, 2032 at 6:22 am.
7. hostname
    Displays the name of the host system, or changes it if a name is given.
    Ex. hostname EdwardNigma
    Changes the host name of the system to EdwardNigma.
8. show
    allows the given string to be used in place of a simple command
    Ex. alias show=ls
    Allows you to type show to display the contents of the current directory until you
    exit the shell.
9. rev
    Reverses each line of a file.
    Ex. rev test.txt
    Reverses each line of test.txt, so you can make sure there are no satanic messages in
    it
10.rm
    Removes the specified file
    Ex. rm -i test.txt
    Removes test.txt, skipping the trash bin, but prompts the user for confirmation first.
    